Add rules on testing to github PR template. (#3623)
wireapp/wire-server: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Checklist

 - [ ] Add a new entry in an appropriate subdirectory of `changelog.d`
 - [ ] All changes in this PR are covered by unit tests

>  - [ ] All changes in this PR are covered by integration tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] All changes in this PR are covered by unit or integration tests
```

what about this?

>  - [ ] All changes in this PR are covered by unit tests
>  - [ ] All changes in this PR are covered by integration tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] All changes in this PR are covered by unit or integration tests
```

How about this?

Author: i think it's nicer if you can check one before attacking the other?

Author: ```suggestion
 - [ ] I've made an effort at covering my changes with unit tests
 - [ ] I've made an effort at covering my changes with integration tests
```
